Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
The Italians have quit
and the Germans were
retreating.
giving way slowly.
violently making us pay
for every inch of ground.
in time and in blood.
For our patrols.
snipers.
landmines.
but we went on anyway.
putting one foot
in front of the other.
holding our rifles.
trying in all our misery.
confusion and exhaustion
to remain watchful.
if it wasn't the rain.
it was the cold
or the snow.
All variations
of the same thing.
It was suffocating.
And no matter
how hard we tried.
we just couldn't
get enough air.
We were somewhere
near Cassino.
but it was hard to believe
this was even Italy anymore.
So we kept on.
Alone in the waste
of the war.
And we continued
to be punished for it.
She was with him.
She would've shot us all
if she could've.
Like fuckin' dominoes.
"Fuckin' dominoes"?
I don't know who's crazier.
him or the Nazis.
Damn it. why do they always
gotta look like they're asleep?
What's the first thing
you're gonna do when you...?
What's the first thing you're
gonna do when you get home?
For me. it's gonna
be Joe's Stone Crab.
Been around for 30 years.
Best dungeness.
Yeah. that's what
I'm gonna do.
I dunno...
My old man told me
one time in the first war.
Oh. here we go.
- What?!
- Ignore him.
Everybody listens
to his bullshit.
Come on.
tell the story.
All I was gonna say is
that this one time
he ran through 50 yards
of gunfire
just to get some chocolate.
Yeah. and you believe
that crap.
- Fuckin' asshole.
- 50 yards of Gerrys popping off rounds
just to get a damn Hershey's bar.
And don't look at me like that.
Reminds me of my brother
and that reminds me of home.
And that just depresses
the shit out of me.
Halt!
Don't fuckin' move.
Hopewell. Walberg.
Overturn that cart
and make sure
that there are no
weapons or contraband.
Go. go. go!
I married
the lady next door.
A widow. no less.
You know. her husband died.
Slipped in the bath.
No kidding. he fell
he cocked his head.
And that was that.
He served us iced tea
the afternoon that
it happened.
It doesn't just take war.
you know?
We're all in the crosshairs.
that's all I'm sayin'.
That and I don't think...
a woman
should have to die
because she's got blood loyalty
to her fuckin' lover.
After the Krauts
showed. Walberg and Hopewell..
We got 'em.
Woman died in the crossfire.
I need more than a dead soldier
and his lover. Sergeant.
I've got 20 men a day
being killed by sniper fire.
and word from above us
and his Highness Churchill
wants to know what
the bloody holdup is.
I understand.
Well. if you do. son.
Get the hell out there
and get me some
no-bullshit intelligence.
Yes. sir.
Jesus Christ.
Hey.
Some crossfire. huh?
And we all heard that
bullshit story Sarge told.
You don't wanna talk about it.
Fine by me.
Makes it impossible
to light a lady's cigarette.
It's not nerves. though.
Had it since I was 15.
Now. this...
This is fuckin' nerves.
Never had anything like this
before the war started.
Fought it since Sicily.
I just keep fuckin'
diggin' at it.
Thought Salerno
was fucked up.
I don't give a shit. what I tell
you. you know what I mean?
Here you go.
Fuck you. Marson.
Just trying to keep the peace?
Is that it. Joyner?
Did you try and stop him?
I don't know.
Never got the chance.
- Wasn't what I asked you...
- I said I don't know. okay?
This...
It's the end of times.
Fuckin' end of the world.
Fall in!
Beautiful
fuckin' freezing Italy.
You know. I have no idea why my
mom wants to visit here so bad.
Smells like fuckin'
Michigan to me.
You okay. Corporal?
Yeah. just got blisters.
is all.
Let's go.
They call this a field jacket?
What field? Fenway?
Plus it doesn't keep you
dry or warm. so...
I don't know what
the purpose is.
Hey. I'm with you.
- We gotta do somethin'.
- Otherwise we.
You're askin' me?
Hey. Corporal. is it true what
they say about your stripes?
You got 'em chargin'
a machine-gun nest.
took out four Krauts
all by yourself?
Don't believe
everything you hear.
Yeah. don't I know that.
My uncle's a police officer.
He told me all kind
of stories.
He's a homicide detective.
You ever wonder how someone
could do that all those years?
Just one murder after another?
Never gave it any thought.
There's a lot
of 'em unsolved. too.
Used to get kinda frustratin' for him.
The one thing
that he hated was when
people saw something
and wouldn't say
what they saw.
Still a lot of murderers
walkin' these streets.
Your uncle
really a detective?
Yeah.
bet your ass. Heisman.
That's good.
When you get back home.
Maybe he can solve
that mystery
as to why your
balls haven't dropped.
"Ha ha." says the guy
who showers with
a football and sleeps with his
college ring under his pillow.
Will you two keep your distance
and shut up?
Shit. Heisman. if I had
your physique.
I'd be
playing for the Bears already.
Oh ho!
You think it's that easy?
I miss football. so yeah.
I kinda do.
Fifty-one...
Fifty-two. fifty-three...
Quiet. Shut up.
I swear to God.
I will shoot you. Asch.
Jesus fuckin' Christ.
you are pathetic. soldier.
It's not my fault. sir!
- I was born with short arms!
- Is that right?
I'm like a crocodile.
it runs in my family.
Sergeant Reece.
I'd like to. uh.
request to finish
my squad mate's pushups.
Look. I'm afraid that
Gerry see Asch.
it only give 'em more
encouragement to fight.
Get the hell down there.
Asch. get up.
You are a fuckin' disgrace
to this and every other outfit.
Yes. sir.
Hey!
- Keep those arms straight. Heisman.
- You fuck...
Don't forget.
you represent me now.
Oh. do you ever shut up?
No.
I was on 24.
- You got an answer?
- I'm workin' on it.
These are fresh.
Maybe a day or so.
They're Panzers. no doubt.
Fuckin' perfect place
for an ambush. Troutman?
They want us
to keep going forward.
- Look to engage enemy patrols.
- Good.
Something's coming.
Get ready!
- It's just an old man!
- Yeah. we'll see.
- Do not move. Stop!
- Sono Italiano.
Shut up. you speak English?
What is he saying?
- What is he saying?
- I don't know!
Uh. he's saying
he's our friend.
Put the fuckin' cart down.
Put the cart down.
- Get away from the cart.
- He's saying our friend.
Don't shoot me!
Please.
Come here.
- Please!
- Shut up.
Joyner. Troutman. on the cart.
The rest of you.
on the ready.
You know this country?
- Capisce?
- Capisce
Are there Germans ahead?
- Si.
- What is that. a fuckin' yes or a no?
- You're gonna be okay.
Shut up. Corporal!
Can help you.
Germans. Germans. Yes.
Up the mountain.
Up the fuckin' mountain?
Germans up the mountain?
- Si!
- You guide!
You show us where
the Tedesco are.
Si. I guide. I guide.
You guide us up the mountain and
show us where the Germans are. Si?
- Si. si!
- Tedeski. Si?
- Io. I guide. Si.
- Molto. many? Many Germans?
Marson. you lead.
Take Asch. Joyner.
and Heisman with you.
He's saying.
"Many Germans."
We have no idea
the size of the force.
Just stick to
the fuckin' trees.
Give us Troutman.
we'll radio back.
No.
I need him here
with me.
A nice long walk...
it has a way of
settling things for men.
Let's go. the rest of you
on me.
Si. si.
Heisman. Joyner. Asch.
Let's go.
Walk long. Big mountain.
Oh! Fuck...
You okay?
Yeah. just ask my lady when I get home.
How 'bout that?
Why us?
I'll tell you why us.
Fuck! Ah!
Thanks. Heisman.
Shit's sakes. Asch.
What are you.
fucking retarded?
I feel like a kid again.
You look like an asshole.
Fuck you.
Fuckin' Yid.
You wanna keep those
opinions to yourself. Joyner?
Why?
Mr. All American?
You're gonna
kick my ass?
Careful now.
With this chain.
you get the whole fuckin' dog.
They're gonna find
chunks of you in my shit.
- You have really pretty eyes.
- Stand down. both of you!
That's an order!
We're on a mission.
Really?
What precisely
would that be?
You know damn well what.
I'd rather
be back at basecamp.
I dunno. Joyner.
You might get lucky and find
a friendly goat up here.
Says Cary Grant.
Asch. you been with anybody
besides your left hand?
Well. let's see.
Uh. there was your ma.
your aunt.
Your sister twice if you factor
in daylight savings time.
I'll kill you.
Hey. you started it.
Let's go.
I'll say it again.
We just know too damn much.
That a fact. Philip Marlowe?
Complicated by
the fact that the...
Sergeant knows the Corporal and I
adhere to a strict set of morals.
Be quiet. Asch. you don't know
anything about me.
Yes. I do.
You come from money.
Yeah. what makes you
say that?
You went to college.
Private college.
that takes money.
You read Nietzsche
which in turn means
you got morals and free time.
That takes money.
Bright guy.
Well. you New York boys
so bright...
What "boys." Joyner?
Do you want to give me
a more specific category?
Because last time I checked.
I happen to be born
in Boston.
- You know what category.
- You have no idea.
Why don't you just man up
and fill us the fuck in?
Enough!
Now let's get
something straight.
We are going up this hill and
we're gonna see what we see.
Then we're turning around
and coming back down
and we're not spending anymore
energy fighting each other.
Do you got it?
Just tell him
to lay the fuck off.
No! I'm not getting
in between you anymore.
I'm telling you how
it's gonna be!
Fine.
Sarge wants to dump all you.
I get that.
But why me?
Well. because apparently.
He hates you. too.
And fuck you!
No matter what you're talkin' about.
What did he say?
He wants us to die
choking on our own blood.
He's a fuckin' fascist. I'm tellin' you.
Keep your mouth shut.
Joyner!
- Fuckin'...
- Shut your mouth!
Don't open it again
unless it's to breathe.
Let's go!
I just got off a fuckin' farm.
And now. I'm back
in farm country.
In fuckin' Italy!
Beautiful fuckin' Italy.
Hey did I ever tell you
about my grandfather?
Yeah. but you can tell me again.
It's a good story.
My mother's father
grew up in Germany.
Very proud of his country.
World War I comes along.
he's in his late 30s.
he goes off and fights
with honor for the Kaiser.
He even gets a medal
or something.
After the war.
he gets out.
and he comes to America
so he can make a better...
make a better life for his family.
Last year.
he dies
in the living room of
an apartment
in Brockton. Massachusetts.
after eatin' a meal of salmon
and dill sauce
that his daughter-in-law
cooked for him.
Guess where she came from?
Italy! So the man had been
in the first World War
fightin' on the other side.
in the Ardennes Forest.
shooting
the French and English
and American soldiers
to an apartment in Brockton
with a grandson
about to join the Army
to go fight the Hun.
The whole thing's pretty fuckin'
ridiculous. wouldn't you say?
I don't care to say.
Fuck. that looks cold.
Now what?
Looks empty.
We'll be wide
open for sniper fire
crossin' that thing.
Our alternative?
A couple hours around.
at least?
Cross the bridge.
Bridge sicuro. safe.
Nice fuckin' try.
Judas.
Yeah.
For once in my life.
I have to agree. Yeah.
It looks like
we gotta turn back.
We're not
turning back.
Corporal.
While we're hopscotching
across that thing.
his Kraut pals
can pick us off one at a time.
- I'll go first.
- No.
He does.
- Si.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I got a pack of Lucky Strikes
says he goes belly up.
- Shut up.
- I'll take that action.
Where did you get
Lucky Strikes?
Come on. you big bastard.
He is one nimble
son of a bitch.
Why don't you just
marry the guy already?
You know. Joyner.
the more I hang out with you.
the more I understand the Germans'
point of view on eugenics.
Now where are my
Lucky Strikes?
Yi. Yeah...
Hey. it's just like a ride
at Coney Island.
Yeah. just like it!
Nibble on a goal post.
you Neanderthal.
- Shit!
- Hey. it's okay!
Keep moving. buddy!
Okay! Okay!
- Fuck! Shit! Shit! Shit!
- You okay. Asch? Keep moving.
You got it. buddy!
That a kid!
Ah. fuck!
Feel free to jump
if you want. Joyner!
Shut the fuck up. Asch!
Jesus Christ!
Oh. fuck!
You like the
show. you old fuck?
Jesus Christ.
Hey. Heisman.
This is Coney Island.
where's my Nathan's hot dog?
I got your hot dog right here.
- Heisman!
- Go. go. go!
- Heisman. fuck!
Your ring! Ah!
My ring!
My fuckin' ring! My ring!
My fuckin' ring!
Come on!
I'll get it!
- My fucking ring!
- I'll get it!
What the fuck...
give the fucking morphine!
Corporal! Corporal!
Asch! Asch. what
the hell are you doing?!
Asch. get your ass
back here!
Ah! Okay.
Ten more lousy...
Fucking feet!
Fuck! Fuck! Oh! Oh.
I got it!
Heisman! I got it!
Heisman! Heisman!
I got it. buddy!
Heisman!
Heisman! Heisman!
I got it. buddy. Hey!
- Heisma--Fuck you.
you coulda got us all killed!
We're cursed!
We're fuckin' cursed!
'Cause the God damn whore!
Fuck!
That much noise
if there are Germans.
they've been hearing us.
They're comin' this way.
We'll stick to the riverbank
and head south.
We're headin' south. Asch.
What?! We're just gonna
leave him here?
We don't have a choice!
We have to move!
Pops wants to get us somewhere
real fast. that's for sure.
He fuckin' knew.
You see this?!
This is on you!
Oh... what...?
Get your shit.
we're goin'!
What is your name?
What are you called?
I'm Robert Marson.
You're... your name?
Angelo.
Were you in the Army.
Angelo?
Si. Uh...
Prima guerra mondiale.
The first war.
Si. si.
Did you fight?
You know. fight?
Si. si. Io ero capitano.
- You were a Captain.
- Si.
The fuck is that?
It's a soldier.
He's wearing our colors!
He's one of ours!
"Shaw"
I don't know. an...
Single shot.
Sniper?
- Looks that way.
- Fuckin' great!
Now we got the
Red Baron after us.
He's been dead a while.
Yeah.
He's frozen solid.
The hell's he doin'
all the way out here?
He's probably tryin'
to go home.
Shut up. Asch!
Let's go.
Angelo!
- On me!
- Bene.
Move out.
Come on!
Fuck!
I remember
when I was 12 years old.
I saw my first fist fight.
These two teenagers just goin' at
it. boxing back and forth.
The one guy...
comin' at the other.
he had this...
thin line of blood
around his mouth.
I'll never forget the sound of their
fists hitting each other's faces.
They must've been in that
dance for a mile or so.
And I followed them.
Every single step.
Good for you.
What the fuck are you
tellin' me for?
I was fascinated.
Sounds it.
That's fuck'...
That's fuckin' amazing.
What's amazing?
Ah. just the Corporal.
Jesus.
Look...
If we don't do anything...
we're just as guilty
as Reece is.
Are you forgetting Hopewell
and Walberg got killed?
She didn't do anything...
but yell.
And die.
There's nothing
we can do about it now.
Can you please
stop talking about her?
The longer that we wait...
The worse it's gonna be.
You got a radio?
Didn't think so.
We are going to
finish this mission.
Yeah.
the suicide mission you mean.
Corporal. I don't buy that he can't
understand a single word we're sayin'.
Thanks.
He's leading
us into a Nazi regiment.
We're lost.
I fuckin' guarantee you.
I'll tell you when we're lost.
You'll tell
me when I'm lost?
We're gonna lose daylight.
Let's move out.
We could be
anywhere up this fucker.
It'll be three miles
back up the road. you know it.
Yeah. three miles above
the road. I know that.
Oh. shit.
How much farther. Angelo?
Not far.
This son of a bitch
is lying.
Shut up. Joyner.
You know...
I used to swim
in a lake like this...
in the summertime
in Sharon. Mass.
Move out.
You guys are...
good Christians?
You believe in an angry God is
interested in payback. right?
"Vengeance is mine."
all that stuff.
Well. I think we're gonna pay
for... earlier.
In fact.
- I think we might be
paying for it right now.
You're so full of shit!
Shut the fuck up.
Let it go!
Besides. it's our religion.
We're the ones goin'
to hell. not you.
Yeah. I'm not even
gonna answer that.
Christ. Joyner.
the way your mind works...
Talk about it back at base.
Thing is. Corporal.
can't get the image of
her legs out of my head.
All right. let's move out.
Shh!
Leave him be.
This is his land.
- We're trespassing on it.
- Jesus Christ.
There's no end to this shit.
We'd be in fuckin'
Switzerland by now.
Si.
Yeah. you understood that.
didn't ya?
Fuck!
Oh. fuck.
- Anybody hit?
- No. I'm good.
Some gun!
- If that was a branch breakin'. it fell off a Mauser tree.
- You sure?
That was a shot.
Of course with this one.
I'd know what the
fuckin' bullet sounds like.
It was far away.
a long way away. right?
Yeah. tell yourself
whatever you want.
I can't tell this
as this height.
Sound carries farther the higher you
go. doesn't it?
Fuck.
What the hell?
What the fuckin' hell?
We're goin' up the brow.
the Devil himself.
One more word from you like that.
Joyner. I'll shoot you myself.
Hey. fuck you. Marson. okay?
By all the rights.
I should be in charge anyway.
If it wasn't for your
college degree.
Mussolini here has
led us to our deaths.
Shut up! Okay.
He has not.
And Marson's in charge.
This is all fucked!
- This is all fucked!
- Okay.
Okay.
Here's what we're gonna do.
- I'm gonna get up really slowly and we're gonna start movin'.
- Yeah.
- Keep your eyes up. all right?
- Hell. yeah.
Here we go.
Over there.
It's a party.
Cover me.
What the fuck?
Peace. Soul.
Maybe Tedeski.
Have soul. I hope.
That's just like Shaw.
Look at the wound.
I want off
this fuckin' mountain.
This whole thing is fucked.
Fire's still burning.
There's footprints all around.
The Germans did it.
Why shoot their own guy?
Desertion.
They're not trying to hide
that they're here.
Either they're running or...
they don't know we're here.
Or... they're leading us
into a trap.
Tedesco.
Si. Tedesco.
The fuck you saying to him?
- Word means "German."
- Well. do us a favor and talk English. will ya?
Fuck.
Take it easy.
It's just a wolf calling.
They're laughing at us.
We didn't see any
tracks leading in here.
We made contact.
Which means we can turn around and
start making our way off this fucker.
How many men you think.
Asch?
I don't know.
- Ten?
- Way more than ten if you ask me.
Think they
knew we were coming?
What exactly are you
suggesting we do?
They don't know about us
so they don't care about us.
I don't think they know.
We'll wait a little bit.
If they're running.
we'll give them a little head start.
And if they come back.
we'll be ready for them.
Christ. you don't think
they're gonna come back. do you?
Keep your eyes up.
It blew like this in Africa.
Except it was sand.
I'd rather have the sand.
I prefer the sand.
I made up my mind.
I'm reportin' what happened.
Christ. Once again.
Mr. Broken Record.
I'm reportin' it.
That's all I'm sayin'.
Can't go the rest of my life
carryin' this.
What made you the moral compass
of the fuckin' Fifth Army?
The sergeant did.
The minute that he
shot that girl...
I say we talk about it when we get down.
We're not there yet.
I'll come with you
when the time comes.
Jesus. you're both fucked.
Need I remind you that
two of our guys got it
when her lover jumped out
of that cart.
Yeah. she didn't do
the shooting.
She was a fuckin' Nazi.
They don't like Jews.
It's your people.
isn't it?
You know what. Joyner?
You're a Nazi.
Say that again.
You're...
a Nazi.
Say that again. you
little piece of shit.
You're a fuckin' Nazi.
Stop it! Stop it!
Back the fuck off.
Joyner!
Not one more inch. Joyner.
You hear me?
Get your fuckin' finger
out of my face.
I mean it!
'Cause otherwise.
we're no different than they are.
You gotta have
the last word. don't ya?
Take it away. asshole!
I'm not sweatin' it...
I'm gonna tear my fuckin' skin
off. cut it away.
Bah!
You know more English
than you're lettin' on. huh?
I bet you know what's on
the other side
of this mountain we're
trying to fuckin' climb.
We know what's on the
other side of the mountain.
it's a fuckin' war!
I'm just sayin' we shouldn't
trust him.
I do for my country.
I've only known
they made it out of shit.
Yeah.
You realize this guy could
be part of the Axis. right?
He's at least. what? 65?
Which means he was around
for Albania.
And all of the Africa stuff
at the beginning.
Ethiopia. All that.
"Ethiopia"? What the fuck are
you talkin' about. Joyner?
This shit goes back
ten years or more. man.
These guys have been
fighting for a long time.
I'm sure some of them
are sick of it.
I...
had a family.
Tutti morti.
Dead.
Jesus.
Why don't we send up a flare
and sing the
"Star Spangled Banner"?
Shit.
Near.
Jesus. If he says that
one more fuckin' time
I'm gonna shoot him myself.
What the hell was that?
Planes?
No. tanks.
Christ. Up here?!
- Si.
- Near?
Si.
God.
Let's go. Asch.
- Asch. help him!
- All right.
Joyner. get up!
What the fuck are you doing?
Joyner!
Joyner. get your shit.
take your gear. let's go!
Shoot me!
Asch. help him!
Shoot me.
For Christ's sweet sake.
Joyner. come on.
Gotta get off this fucker.
- This is shit. This fuckin' shit.
- Get your weapon.
We gotta get off this
fuckin' mountain.
It's a terrible place.
Joyner.
Hey. Hey. Benny.
Let's just finish this.
And get back. Okay?
Come on. Let's go.
Come on. Come on.
Joyner!
I wanna go home.
Joyner. we're goin' on.
Okay?
Let's go.
Come on.
Okay? Come on.
Let's go. Let's go.
Capisce? Capisce!
Come on.
Let's go.
Your village?
Si. Mio village.
Amici.
Friends?
Si.
Corporal.
It's a fucking firing squad.
What are you gonna
report now?
I'm gonna report a murder.
- Even after this?
- Yeah. especially after this.
damn it.
Maybe the soldiers...
- are executing members of the resistance.
- No.
Shooting innocent.
Oh. God.
This is worse.
The silence.
They're gonna attack.
Yeah. no more babies to kill.
Might as well take on
the big boys.
We gotta move.
I can't fuckin' believe this.
Any of this bullshit.
All fuckin' offensive.
What's that for?
So the dead know we're here.
Let's move out.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
You know. Corporal.
maybe Reece...
Where'd it come from?!
I don't know!
The kick-behind is way off!
A sniper?!
It's a sniper!
You sure?!
Stay out until
at least they saw!
- Don't you move!
- Why?!
If he knows you're alive.
he'll shoot you again!
Fuck. Oh. shit.
There's somebody behind me.
I hear footsteps.
You heard nothing!
What if they're working
their way around us?
They're not working
their way around!
There's only been one shot!
Which means it's a sniper!
Si. Un cecchino.
Okay. I'm coming for you.
so you take it easy. all right...?
No. no. no. no. no. Corporal.
they'll be out there waiting for you!
I'm not gonna leave him!
Hey. fuck you!
I didn't say that!
Saul!
Okay. Asch. you ready?
I'm comin' for you.
Okay!
Joyner. you cover me.
all right?!
I'm makin' a move!
He saw what he saw.
You cover me!
He's been watching us
this whole time.
Cover me. Joyner!
All right. fuck!
All right.
Covering fire!
Moving!
Run!
- Saul!
- Shit!
Fuck!
Move!
I can't feel my
fuckin' leg.
You know I can just
leave you here. right?
Come on. Joyner...
How's it lookin'?
Oh. shit!
It's okay. it's okay.
Breathe. breathe. breathe.
Is it bad?
- No. million dollar wound.
- Don't bullshit me.
Through and through.
You're gonna be okay.
I don't think it hit any bone.
Okay? It's gonna be okay.
- You're gonna be okay.
- Okay.
- Okay. do me a favor.
- Yeah.
Put your hands here.
Keep pressure on there.
Don't take that off.
- Okay?!
- I'm freezin'.
It's so fuckin' cold.
Oh. Shit. it's not stoppin'.
- It's stoppin'.
- I'm emptyin' out.
Move your hands. move your
hands. move your hands.
It's okay.
- It's okay. here we go. here we go.
- I didn't do anythin'.
I'm a good guy.
I never hurt nobody on purpose. I swear.
- Hey. hey. hey...
- I got...
- Hey. look at me!
- Mm-hmm.
It's gonna be okay. all right?
We're gonna patch you up.
We're gonna get you off
this mountain.
And out of this fuckin' war.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- I'm scared.
- It's okay. it's okay.
- This is bad. isn't it?
- No. it's not. It's stopping.
It's stopping
It's cold.
Cold is good.
It's a good sign.
No. it's bad.
Give me some...
I need something for the pain.
- Just give me something...
- Okay. okay. okay.
Shh...
Give me another one.
Oh. it hit me...
I didn't mean anything...
I'm sorry for the noise.
You're gettin' out of this war.
you lucky son of a bitch.
Look. Benny.
there's so much blood.
Yeah. well...
You've got gallons of it.
There's enough. you know?
Benny. I got it all over me.
It's okay. Hmm?
You ever donate blood?
You take a vial of that.
you spill it on the floor.
it looks exactly like that.
We were screwed from the...
from the beginning.
Got your blanket here.
It's okay. Jump in there.
There you go.
- Joyner.
- Yeah?
Joyner. I can't feel my legs.
I can't move my legs.
- Can you feel that?
- Feel what?
I can't feel my legs.
Christ.
It'll go away. it'll go away.
okay?
Soon as we get your
blood pressure back up.
- it's gonna come back. okay?
- Okay.
Where's the toothpaste?
Somebody
took the toothpaste.
I got it. buddy.
- You got it.
- Yeah.
- Yeah! You're a good brother.
You're a good brother.
I should've given you
a baseball glove.
Don't worry about it. okay?
You should've seen
the things I saw.
That's her...
I can't... breathe...
It's okay.
- Shh.
Breathe.
I don't know if there's any
internal bleeding.
Bullet might've perforated
his bowel.
Father...
- Father...
- We gotta move him.
- Okay. okay. I'll carry him.
- No.
No. he's mine.
Put your hat on. okay?
- I'll sit you up. okay?
- Okay.
You ready? Three... two...
One. There we go.
Get him. Three... two...
Stand up. stand up. Okay.
You're gonna be all
right. buddy.
Keep going. I got the stuff.
Go. go. go.
Let's go.
Okay. buddy.
There you go.
You know you can pick us off
at any time. right?
They sent stragglers.
Maybe he shot once
and it went over
through a tree.
Yeah.
Or he could be fuckin'
huntin' us.
It's not so bad.
The cold.
And the wind's not blowin'.
There's somethin' out there.
There's someone you mean.
Hey.
Why don't we set the Kraut up
as one of us with a rifle?
You know. like. prop him up
against the tree or somethin'?
That way if the sniper's on our tail.
he might take a pop at the dead guy.
Give us a warning.
Got no one to cover us.
You really want to take
that chance?
If I can get rid of
the feeling
that somebody's put a bead on me the
whole way down this fuckin' mountain.
Then yeah.
Fuck yeah. I want to
take the chance.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
Okay.
Angelo!
Get down!
Oh.
Hey. buddy.
Hey. okay. There you go.
-Now. now. now. yeah.
We're setting up a decoy.
Not yet. buddy.
Huh?
I'm bleedin'. okay?
- Inside. I can feel it.
- No. Your imagination.
- No.
- You're fine.
Final push.
Then get you out here. okay?
I'll carry you myself.
Get you home.
Have a nice fuckin' beer.
Go for a burger. All that shit.
Can you eat meat? You people eat meat?
- A steak? Can you do that?
- Is it kosher?
It's all good.
- It's gonna be fine. okay?
- Okay.
What do you think?
Yeah... maybe.
From far away?
I guess.
Fuck.
He looks like a fuckin' stiff
tied to a tree.
- It was your idea.
- I know!
Maybe from a distance.
Looks like a fuckin' mannequin.
We... no time. We hurry.
Saliva's gathering at
the back of his throat.
We gotta move him.
You go.
I'm gonna stay
and get this bastard.
No. We get down
off this fucker.
- All of us. together...
- We don't have any time.
He's gonna get us on the way
down. one by one. and you know it.
We don't know that.
Let Angelo take you down.
don't you stop for a second.
And. Joyner. get him home.
I got a bad feelin'.
You always got a bad feeling.
Fuck you. too. Corporal.
There's something
you need to know.
If you do anything...
that'll lead your German
buddies here to us.
I'll fuckin' kill you myself...
Before I ever take a shot
at them.
Understand?
I... got you.
- You trust me.
- No.
I don't trust you.
I said it from the start.
You hate us. don't you?
You fascist pig.
No. grazie.
A kid?
A thief?!
What the hell
is wrong with you?
You motherfucker.
Marson!
Jesus fuckin' Christ!
Why haven't you gone
further than this?
Saul woke up and got sick.
I couldn't move him.
I hear the shot.
You got him?
It wasn't a Gerry.
What?
It was an Italian.
Italian?
Italiano from your village.
huh?!
A... bastard.
Yeah.
Okay. come on. come on.
A thief.
I can't figure it.
The Germans paid a
heavy price for our heads.
He's a survivor.
Just like us.
Where are we?!
We're almost there. buddy.
- We're almost there.
- I'm dead.
I can feel the blood
going out of me.
No. you're not.
You're just imagining it. all right?
No. I... I don't have
an imagination anymore.
I'm all facts.
Ask me anything.
Ask me if I'm gonna die.
You're not gonna die.
Save your strength.
We're almost there.
We'll make it. you'll see.
Do you ever go to
serials back home?
- Movie houses?
- Yup.
Saturday matinee.
All day for a nickel.
I used to hate to wait
to see how it turned out.
- Last minute questions.
- All right.
Yeah. I shoulda been
Hey! Hey. Saul.
Marson got that son of a bitch
who shot you.
The son of a bitch
shot me...
Oh. he dead...
You know...
You know what that means?
That means...
Oh. I wish I was Catholic
sometimes.
I wish I
was Jewish sometimes.
You just make confession
and be happy.
I don't know where we're
gonna find a priest.
You...
You can't talk to any Catholic?
No. only baptism can make
anybody Catholic.
Ooh. I'm a sinner...
We all are.
You carried me the whole
way. Benny.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. me. too.
I wish I coulda
savored things more.
Yeah. well.
save your breath. okay?
Oh. it's...
It's blood. isn't it. fellas?
It's your imagination. buddy.
Okay?
Oh!
It's cold.
- It's real cold.
- The end of the fuckin' world.
Saul?
You pissed on me. man!
He's not breathing.
- What?
- He's not breathing!
Medic!
He's not breathing!
Gone.
You son of a bitch!
Hey! Hey! That's enough!
You're all murderers.
Get him the hell
out of here.
Want to tell me what
happened. Corporal?
Sergeant Reece. sir.
He's a murderer.
He killed an innocent.
Sergeant Reece is dead.
Died an hour ago
from a wound.
Sniper shot him through
his throat.
Someone search
the old man.
Did you get
a view from up north?
Doesn't make a difference
anymore. does it?
What doesn't?
Who we tell.
Son. I have no idea what the
hell you're talking about.
Now pull yourself together
and tell me what you saw!
Counterattack.
Jesus Christ.
A large force
heading our way.
We found this on
him. sir.
You son of a bitch.
Take him into the woods down
by the river and shoot him.
What?!
- What?!
- You heard me.
No. sir.
Are you questioning me.
Corporal?
Sir. you can't mean it.
Two men from this outfit
were shot by a German officer.
Four others got it last night
by Italians
acting like people happy
to be liberated.
You lost men
to the same action.
Well. some of them
are still in this.
And this one is carrying around
scouting information on us.
These people know the penalty
for spying.
He got us where
we needed to go.
Yeah.
He kept his word.
Yeah. until we're overrun today and
he goes back to scouting for them.
Take care of it.
No. sir.
- He's not one of them. sir.
- Oh. Jesus Christ.
Are you gonna do this.
or do I have to?
- Stop. no...!
- Get your hands off me. Corporal!
I got him.
He's my prisoner.
Then take him into
the woods and do it.
Now.
Go.
Go! Go!
Move!
Stop.
You did this to yourself.
What?
You...
weep for the girl.
You... feel...
Sin.
We all sinners.
I...
I pray for you.
Ave Maria.
I... I curse you!
You curse me?!
Yes! I curse you!
- You curse me?!
- I curse you!
My mama give me.
Long time ago.
Before she died.
Go!
Get the hell out of here!
Go before I change
my fucking mind!
You mother...
You motherfucker.
Corporal.
I thought you were
supposed to kill him.
There's not much
a 70-year-old man
can do to change the war.
Hey.
Asch was right.
We were fucked the moment
we shot the whore.
You know they're gonna court-martial
you for this if they find out.
You hear that?
What?
It's peace.
Hey!
You're feeling okay?
What are you talking about?
All of this.
What?
Hey.
You feeling all right?
Okay.
Okay. wait here. wait here.
Let me get somebody.
Corporal!
Let's go. we're movin' out!
I wanted to
stay by that river...
I'm not fuckin'
around. come on!
Lie down...
And let the war go on
without me.
I had no prayers left to say.
But every moment after that...
for the rest of my life...
I would need to know...
Why?
SIX MONTHS LATER
WHILE ON RECON PATROL
ROBERT MARSON WAS GRAVELY
WOUNDED BY A MORTAR ROUND.
THAT KILLED THE TWO MEN
HE WAS WITH INSTANTLY.
BLEEDING. HALF BLIND
AND BARELY CONSCIOUS
MARSON SAW A GERMAN SOLDIER
RUSHING TOWARDS HIM. RIFLE IN HAND
AND BELIEVING THIS WAS HIS DEATH ROBERT
MARSON BEGAN TO UTTER THE LORD'S PRAYER.
THE GERMAN. WEARY AND SICK OF THE WAR.
PROVED TO BE MARSON'S SAVIOR.
SURRENDERING AS HE CARRIED
THE INJURED AMERICAN
TO SAFETY ACROSS THE ALLIED LINES
UTTERING IN BROKEN ENGLISH FOUR
SIMPLE WORDS. "I HAVE HAD ENOUGH".